[docs] Add density guide to customizations (#16410)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/src/pages/customization/density/density.md

# Density

> <p class="description">We explain how to apply density to Material-UI components</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p class="description">How to apply density to Material-UI components.</p>
```

The Material design guidelines have a [comprehensive guide](https://material.io/design/layout/applying-density.html#typographic-density) covering these topics in more detail.

## Implementing density

Higher density can be applied to some components via props. The component pages
have at least one example using the respective component with higher density applied.

Depending on the component, density is applied either via lower spacing, or simply by
reducing the size.

The following components have props applying higher density:

- [Button](/api/button)
- [Fab](/api/fab)
- [FilledInput](/api/filled-input)
- [FormControl](/api/form-control)
- [FormHelperText](/api/form-helper-text)
- [IconButton](/api/icon-button)
- [InputBase](/api/input-base)
- [InputLabel](/api/input-label)
- [ListItem](/api/list-item)
- [OutlinedInput](/api/outlined-input)
- [Table](/api/table)
- [TextField](/api/text-field)
- [Toolbar](/api/toolbar)

## Explore theme density

This tool allows you to apply density via spacing and component props. You can browse
around and see how this applies to the overall feel of Material-UI components.

> If you enable high density we apply a custom theme to our docs. This theme is only

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you enable high density a custom theme is applied to the docs. This theme is only
```

for demonstration purposes. You _should not_ apply this theme to your whole application

> as this might impact user experience negatively. The [Material design guidelines](https://material.io/design/layout/applying-density.html#typographic-density) has examples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as this might negatively impact user experience. The [Material design guidelines](https://material.io/design/layout/applying-density.html#typographic-density) has examples
```

# Density

<p class="description">We explain how to apply density to Material-UI components</p>

## Applying density

> We won't cover possible use cases or considerations for density in your applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We won't cover possible use cases, or considerations for using density in your application.
```

> The Material design guidelines have a [comprehensive guide](https://material.io/design/layout/applying-density.html#typographic-density) covering those topics in more detail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Material design guidelines have a [comprehensive guide](https://material.io/design/layout/applying-density.html#typographic-density) covering these topics in more detail.
```

## Implementing density

Higher density can be applied to some components via props. The component pages
have at least one example using the respective component with higher density applied.

> Depending on the component density is applied either via lower spacing or simply by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on the component, density is applied either via lower spacing, or simply by
```

reducing the size.

> If you want apply density across your whole application you can create a custom

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want apply higher density across your whole application you can create a custom
```

> theme with higher density by using a theme created with `dense` set to `true` e.g.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
theme with `dense` set to `true` e.g.
```
